




== open tmux in a remote location and test persistent session ==

- It is very possible and the obvious default use for headless devices.

== ssh other pc inside same LAN ==

- Done. Very simple. > ssh user@local_ip. it wil ask for password, and login.
- Next step: ssh to another PC. adding task on simple_tasks.

== ssh to a machine across the internet ==
- you probably will need to know the public IP of the target's network router:
  - execute the following line from the target system: > wget http://ipinfo.io/ip -qO -

== monitor hard disk/ssd health in Linux using SMART ==
- using Ubuntu install software: > sudo apt-get install smartmontools
- check if disk supports SMART: > sudo smartctl -i <disk>
- check how much time it takes to run tests: > sudo smartctl -c <disk>
- run one of the tests: > sudo smartctl -t short <disk>
- check drive stats: > sudo smartctl -l selftest <disk>
- display SMART info: > sudo smartctl -a <disk>
- display overall health of drive: > sudo smartctl -H <disk>
- access conf file at /etc/smartd.conf.

== testing mate on ubuntu minimal ==
- installing on ubuntu minimal on a VBox machine.
- steps:
  > sudo apt-add-repository ppa:ubuntu-mate-dev/ppa
  > sudo apt-add-repository ppa:ubuntu-mate-dev/trusty-mate
  > sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade
  > sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends ubuntu-mate-core ubuntu-mate-desktop
- It downloaded all the packages dependencies(over 700M).
- After reboot, it apparently works just fine.
- Using htop, after reboot, it uses around 240M of RAM.

== ARM ISA v7 lvlUp ==
- Look for programming assignments:
  - sum of two decimal inputs.
  - minimum of two decimal inputs.
  - sum of a series of decimal inputs.
  - print your name using UART.
  - product of two decimal inputs.
  - http://users.ece.gatech.edu/~linda/2030/sample-asmbly-solns.PDF
  - Port any of the following code (http://6502.org/source/ ) to ARMv7 ISA.
