




== Arch linux ==
- lxde wallpaper setup:
  - install nitrogen to set wallpapers (for any number of monitors): nitrogen (feh is also an option)
  - open nitrogen and select the wallpapers.
  - disable lxde default wallpaper manager using PCmanFM:
    - edit .config/lxsession/LXDE/autostart and remove line: @pcmanfm --desktop --profile LXDE
    - add (if using nitrogen) the following line: @nitrogen --restore
- install clementine:
  - to play mp3 files and other codecs, install the following packages also:
    gstreamer gst-libav gst-plugins-base gst-plugins-base-libs gst-plugins-good gst-plugins-ugly gst-plugins-bad
  * Apparently there exists some conflict with older gstreamer libs: try NOT to install gstreamer0.10* plugins.
- configure display/monitor settings with lxde:
  - install nvidia drivers and reboot: nvidia-current-updates nvidia-xconfig
  - to check default gpu changed, do: lspci -nn | grep VGA
  - install: nvidia-settings
  - modify xorg.conf files by any means (using nvidia-settings is an option).
  - remove ~/.config/autostart/lxrandr-autostart.desktop or rename it to avoid xorg.conf being overwritten.
- install ssh server:
  - install package: openssh
  - enable and start daemon:
    > systemctl enable sshd.socket
    > systemctl start sshd.socket
  * enable and start daemon (on debian):
    - install package: apt install openssh-client openssh-server
    > systemctl enable ssh.socket
    > systemctl start ssh.socket
    > systemctl enable sshd.service
    > systemctl start sshd.service
  - to configure ssh server open /etc/ssh/sshd_config . Important options are:
    - AllowUsers user1 user2
    - AllowGroups group1 group2
    - PermitRootLogin no|yes|without-password
    - Port 22
- VirtualBox - add a host-only adapter to connect to LAN -
  - first create a host-only interface(this will in fact create a new interface on the host machine with IP 192.168.56.1/24, to which the VMs will connect to):
    > VBoxManage hostonlyif create //the default IF name is vboxnet0
  - add new network card to VM:
    - Go to the VM Settings->Network->Adapter 2 : Enable Network Adapter.
    - Configure 'Attached to:' to "Host-only Adapter".
    - Name:"vboxnet0". Save the changes. Now the VM has two network interfaces, the default NATted one and the virtual one.
  - Confirm that a new interface is detected: > ip link //(apparently it uses the name enp0s8, by default).
  - To enable it, create a new interface config file (tested on debian):
    - edit /etc/network/interfaces.d/<name> //name suggestion: 'host-only'
      # My Host-only network
			allow-hotplug enp0s8
			iface enp0s8 inet dhcp
    - startup new interface:
      > ifup enp0s8 //or the new device name. probably will work for su only.
    - the ip is set up by dhcp, starting always from 192.168.56.101. If another VM exists on the network, it will get the next IP.
== GRUB ==
- Modify grub: change bg image, timeout,etc.
  - edit file: /etc/default/grub (or use grub-customizer)
  - to change bg image:
    - edit the following lines:
      - GRUB_GFXMODE=1920x1080,1024x768,auto
      - GRUB_GFXPAYLOAD_LINUX=keep
      - GRUB_BACKGROUND="/boot/grub/image" //it accepts tga,png,jpg formats.
                                           //image needs to be inside /boot?
  - to change font:
      - GRUB_FONT="/path/to/font.pf2" //font must be in pf2 format.
  - update-grub(with ubuntu), or run : grub-mkconfig -o /boot/grub/grub.cfg
== SSH ==
  - create id_rsa.pub (your machine's public key) with: ssh-keygen -t rsa
  - copy authorized key: ssh-copy-id user@host ,or scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub user@host:.ssh.authorized_keys
  - modify greeter:
    - edit /etc/motd // modify this file
== Full copy to another hdd ==
  - do: >sh -c 'cat /dev/sdb >/dev/sda'
== Fix for Arch kernel panic  issue after another OS installation ==
- if Arch panics after executing grub-install from that new installation and dont setting properly some boot
  options for the Arch partition), do:
  - open /boot/grub/grub.cfg file on arch partition and also the same file on the conflicting OS.
  - there are two differences between the files regarding Arch menuentry. one on the following line:
    linux /boot/vmlinuz*** root=UUID(...)
    and another one here:
    initrd /boot/intel-ucode.img /boot/initramfs-4.5-x86_64.img
  - usually, you need to check that the vmlinuz is the same in both files, also you need to add the '/boot/initramfs-***.img'
    part to the file being used, it usually only has the intel-ucode.img part.
  - DO NOT RUN grub-install after this from the edited OS, it will overwrite the changes.
