




== testing clementine music player ==
- tested on ubuntu (Peppermint7):
  - > sudo apt-get install clementine
  - it uses relatively low mem(overall usage on peppermint7+2term:324M)
  - it can fetch music from  dropbox,google drive, spotify, and others.
- tested on Arch (Manjaro LXQt):
  - installed with octopi: clementine package.
  - the graphical interface is simpler due to lxqt default config.
  - the dropbox login button did not work because of qupzilla.
  - installed firefox and everything ok.
- testing with flac. works just as fine.
- Apparently, it can synchronize to the cloud services only with firefox.
  - It did not work with Otter browser, and apparently it doesnt work with
    chrome either.

== Setting up Audio in Ubuntu minimal Install ==
- tested on Ubuntu 16.04:
  - install following packages:
    - > sudo apt-get install alsa-base alsa-utils alsa-oss
    - > sudo apt-get install gstreamer0.10-alsa libasound2 libasound2-plugins
  - tested audio output using : > sudo aplay <ANYfile>
  - start alsa with:
    - > alsactl init

== Debian stable tested ==
- I dont like it because:
  - Probably not a good reason but I like to have access to new stuff, and not install all from source.
  - Basically that's it. bye Debian.

== Test Ubuntu minimal install + lxqt ==
- Tested with Ubuntu 16.04.
- After installing Ubuntu, update:
  - > sudo apt-get update;
- Add LXQt PPA. First install add-apt-repository
  - > sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
  - > sudo add-apt-repository -y ppa:lubuntu-dev/lubuntu-daily
  - > sudo apt-get update
- Install lxqt:
  - > sudo apt-get install lxqt-metapackage (one could just install whats needed, but this way is faster)
- Install window manager:
  - > sudo apt-get install lxqt-panel openbox
- reboot amd login with lxqt
  - > sudo reboot
- Audio not installed/setup yet, so:
  - do the steps at "Setting up Audio in Ubuntu minimal Install".
- An Internet browser is not installed(obviously) so I tried to download something lightweight.
- I chose qupzilla because it was based on Qt as well. Once install though, it couldnt play youtube videos.
- I installed a flashplugin to solve that, but the result still wasnt perfect (thats why I avoided the instructions).
- I also tried Midori but the flash issue persisted. It could get solved with the plugin but it wasnt very good. So I gave up.
- And installed firefox which is bigger but gets the job done without plugins or other stuff.
- After startup, without applications, it is very lightweight: 136M. with firefox opened: ~400M.
- Automatic mounting is enabled by LXQt so one less issue to worry about there.
