




TODO:
- nodemcu + pn532 NFC module
- securebox: fix gps coordinate parsing bug
- securebox: add gprs 'smart' message parsing
- securebox: add new scheduler features
- securebox: compile component shopping list
- wsensor: add rtc setup from website [OK]
- rosetta_stm: write & send quote
- rosetta_stm: port sensus komm protocol to stm.
  - rosetta_stm: understand I2C slave example. [NEW]
  - rosetta_stm: write/modify quick I2C slave. [NEW]
  - rosetta_stm: test I2C slave example with nodeMCU as I2C master. [NEW]
- rosetta_stm: test with rosetta-rpi build.
- pressure_mon: build prototype
- pressure_mon: sensor eagle part inverted. fixup needed. also join split pads.
- pressure_mon: adapt eagle part to second model. [NEW]
- pressure_mon: design and build amplification stage board. [NEW]
- pressure_mon: understand differential ADC feature. expands [[2017-12-17#1|here]] [OK]
- pressure_mon: test regular ADC for both inputs and compare to differential.
- pressure_mon: test Virtual_COM_Port_Loopback example on NucleoF3.
- pressure_mon: create System clock setup monitor test. expands [[2017-12-17#2|here]]
- pressure_mon: find/write and test python/c# app to receive serial data and plot it realtime.
- pressure_mon: design and build breakout board for opamp filter/amplifier. [NEW]

Previous in Thread: [[2017-12-17]]

== pressure_mon: understand differential ADC feature ==
- The total range (4096 values) is divided by 2: 2048 positives levels, and 2048 negative ones.
- 0 is the lowest value (-Vref), and 4095 is the highest value (+Vref).
- the mid value (around 2048) is 0V.
- there appears to be some lack of linearity close to 0V, but it's still unconfirmed.

== wsensor: add rtc setup from website ==
- added cat() function.
- cleanup: tabs to spaces.
- cleanup: method for handling files changed to object mode.
- updated calibration layout. way user-friendlier now.
- added rtc synchonization menu.
