




TODO:
- nodemcu + pn532 NFC module
- securebox: fix gps coordinate parsing bug
- securebox: add gprs 'smart' message parsing
- securebox: add new scheduler features
- securebox: compile component shopping list
- wsensor: add rtc setup from website
- rosetta_stm: write & send quote
- rosetta_stm: port sensus komm protocol to stm.
- rosetta_stm: test with rosetta-rpi build.
- pressure_mon: build prototype
- pressure_mon: sensor eagle part inverted. fixup needed.
- pressure_mon: test differential ADC example on NucleoF3. [OK]
- pressure_mon: understand differential ADC feature. expands [[2017-12-17#1|here]] [NEW]
- pressure_mon: test regular ADC for both inputs and compare to differential. [NEW]
- pressure_mon: test Virtual_COM_Port_Loopback example on NucleoF3.
- pressure_mon: create System clock setup monitor test. expands [[2017-12-17#2|here]] [NEW]
- pressure_mon: find/write and test python/c# app to receive serial data and plot it realtime.

Previous in Thread: [[2017-12-16]]

== pressure_mon: test differential ADC example on NucleoF3 ==
- Differential ADC example was picked from latest STM32F3 version(V1.2.3).
- A ninja build was created for it. it compiled with no issues.
- the original source used a Discovery board with an LCD display to show the results in realtime.
- this was modified with a retarget stdio library through the USART.
- some issues were encountered during this. Apparently, the debugger adapter doesn't handle well when
  constant data goes through the Virtual COM connected by default to USART2 of the Nucleo board.
- To get past that, one of the boards was modified to disconnect the USART2 from the adapter. now is OK.
- Second issue ocurred with the ADC. apparently it presents more than marginal non-linearity. *1*
- Also, the values when both lines are connected to the same point(Vdiff==0), is different from 0.
- Actually, it's a very high value, around half the entire range (~2000).
- This needs to be fixed or at least understood ASAP. adding task point.

== pressure_mon: test Virtual_COM_Port_Loopback example on NucleoF3 ==
- example was already ported to ninja build, tested and working on STM32F1 family using an inboard USB port.
- the same example was tested using the STM32F30x SPL V1.2.3 on the Nucleo Board.
- Because the Nucleo board does NOT have an inboard USB port, an alternative was deviced.
- An auxiliar board, a USB battery charger with USB capabilities was used as an externel USB port.
- it was first tested with the already working stm32f1 board and the external board WORKED just fine.
- the board's USB pull-up was hardwired disabled to avoid conflict with the boards pull-up resistor.
- After this, it was connected to the STM32F3 Nucleo board, and it didnt work at all. *2*
- One suspect is the clock source. apparently an external clock source is needed to use the USB correctly.
- An 8Mhz crystal was soldered into the board. When tested, the result didnt change.
- There's a possibility that the MCU isn't getting the new clock right and jumping to the fallback HSI.
- A quick test is needed to display the current clock setup. task point added.
- A new 'debug_utils' project was created to add this, along with other debug usecases.
