




== openvpn client setup ==
- install required packages: openvpn networkmanager-openvpn(maybe this one is optional as well)
  * optional packages: easy-rsa
- usually, the host/server sends all the required info:
  - ca.crt
  - <file>.crt  : certificate
  - <file>.key  : public key
  - <file>.ovpn : openvpn settings. the file which gets loaded by openvpn command.
- edit <file>.ovpn so that the path to the other files is right.
- Enable 'tun' module (as admin):
  > modprobe tun
- test if module is enabled:
  > test ! -c /dev/net/tun //this file should exist
- Execute openvpn,load config file (as admin):
  > openvpn /path/to/<file>.ovpn

== change static ip/subnet/default gateway on raspberry/raspbian ==
- editing /etc/network/interfaces is no good, it does NOT work on raspbian.
- instead go edit /etc/dhcpcd.conf.
- add the static info below the device name:

interface eth0
static ip_address=192.168.1.114/24
static routers=192.168.1.1
static domain_name_servers=192.168.1.1 8.8.8.8 8.8.4.4

== Configure static ip/subnet/default gateway depending on SSID ==
* tested on raspbian stretch (for previous versions, use different method with /etc/network/interfaces and wpa_supplicant.conf id_str field)
- add wifi network configuration to /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf:
	network={
		ssid="SKYNET"
		psk="MYPASS"
		key_mgmt=WPA-PSK
		id_str="home" <---this is optional, only used for 'old' method.
    priority=90 <--- useful if multiple configured SSIDs available. higher number==higher priority.
	}
- add static info for the selected SSID at /etc/dhcpcd.conf:
  ssid SKYNET
  static ip_address=192.168.1.114/24
  static routers=192.168.1.1
  static domain_name_servers=192.168.1.1 8.8.8.8 8.8.4.4
* I still dont know how does dhcp behaves when there's conflicting configurations, ie: there's a device 'wlan0' and an SSID 'NET', both
  with static IPs configurations defined, what would happen if such a device access a network with such SSID? is the first configuration
  getting priority? or the last one? is there a rule or is it undefined behavior?
* Is there a way to do like an AND condition like: if(SSID==NET && DEV=wlan0)?? how would this be?
* also, during testing of this feature, tried configuring the network at /etc/dhcpcd.conf indirectly using 'profile', it didn't work; apparently,
  it can only be used with 'fallback'.
