




TODO:
- finish ldd chapter 3. [done]
- write a reddit post reviewing 6 months with XPS13.
- write a blog post about the esp8266(building the toolchain, compiling nodemcu, creating modules, etc).
- nodemcu automation mini-project [done]
- nodemcu + pn532 NFC module

== nodemcu automation mini-project ==
- after successfully programming a sonoff module, loading nodeMCU custom build + scripts. I started with this mini-project.
- It consisted on: programming a stand-alone module to connect to a lamp and turn it on/off at specific times of the day.
- By stand alone it means that it doesnt have internet connection, or even a local network, so basically a normal processor could do.
- .. except for the fact that I wanted to configure it over the air, w/o having to unplug it, disassembly it and flash it.
- I'm using wifi connection for the module to create it's own network, connect to it with a laptop and send simple 'cmd=val' pair commands.
- It accepts (for now) commands to set output values, to reset the module, and to set the internal timer.
- the timer uses Unix timestamp and then an additional module to translate to 'human time' and compare to setup times.
- everything was implemented without an issue, and two test modules are already working.
- Some issues that probably will occur:
  - timing delay(I dont remember the actual name for this right now, but the solution is an NTP server(if it had internet access or an RTC).
  - a command to set this on/off times easily would be VERY nice. it'd be even __NICER__ if the command syntax be __simple__ but complete.
