




TODO:
- write a reddit post reviewing 6 months with XPS13.
- nodemcu + pn532 NFC module.
- Read LDD chapter 6,8,9 + Videos.
- test RTC(DS1338) module with STM32 and ESP8266(using nodeMCU).
- change gitgud repos to github(for public ones) and to remote server(for private ones).
- try installing gitlabs on remote server?

== Android tips on Arch ==
== To transfer files using MTP ==
  - Install packages: gvfs-mtp (this requires libmtp and gvfs)
  - reboot system for the device to be detected.
== root device (tested on MotoG4) ==
- unlock the bootloader:
  - enable developer option on the phone (click 7 times on 'Build Number', at 'about the phone').
  - Inside developer options, enable "OEM Unlocking" and "USB Debugging".
  - install android SDK(only adb and fastboot utilities), following pacman packages: android-tools android-udev.
  - add user to group 'adbusers'.
    > gpasswd -a username adbusers
  - reboot the phone into the bootloader:
    > adb reboot bootloader
  - check if the device is visible: > fastboot devices
  - obtain the unlock key:
    > fastboot oem get_unlock_data
  - join the key into one single string and go to:(for motorola phones: [[https://motorola.com/unlockbootloader|link]])
  - use the reply key to unlock the device:
    > fastboot oem unlock UNIQUE_KEY
  - there's a confirmation message, after which you can reboot by command line.
    > adb reboot

- flash TWRP:
  - Download twrp image. [[https://twrp.me|link]]
  - reboot into bootloader.
    > adb reboot bootloader
  - flash twrp. apparently there are different images depending on the device model. check this.
    > fastboot flash recovery twrp.img(or the specific filename of the image)

- install superSu (actually root the device):
  - download on the cellphone the superSU zip file. [[https://download.chainfire.eu/supersu/|link]]
  - reboot into the bootloader:
    > adb reboot bootloader
  - enter into recovery mode. In TWRP, go to advanced and open the terminal.
    > echo SYSTEMLESS=true>>/data/.supersu
  - Press home button to return to main menu and go to INSTALL. Search for the supersu zip file and install it.
  - Boot back into the system, and superSu should be installed as an app.
