== Hot List ==
* [ ] write parts shopping list.
* [ ] clean room (40min)
* [ ] exercise & bath (40min)
* [ ] do groceries (40min)
-------------------------------------
=== Preparation for this weekend ===
* [o] buy everything needed:
  * [X] e-paper display module.
  * [ ] 2 battery chargers.
  * [X] mouser parts:
    * [X] select parts.(consider kb adapter touch projects and overall stock)(*most needed only)
* [.] new PC setup:
  * [ ] erase old partition(lxle).
  * [ ] create new partition layout with 3 main partitions and 1 swap. *for now dont change anything of the lubuntu partition.
  * [o] make 3 main partitions on SSD(lubuntu(stable/work),arch(proto/test),something else(probably fedora or peppermint))
    * [.] Arch:
      * [X] Test arch in VM.
      * [ ] Install arch on HDD and configure all basics & add to HOWTOs.
        * [ ] Install lxde and i3.
        * [ ] Install basic MCU programming tools and test flow:
          * [ ] MCU toolchain.(test entire workflow)
          * [ ] basic programs.
          * [ ] search and install lightweight common apps(pdf reader, music player,etc)
          * [ ] document everything in a HOWTo.
      * [ ] Install on SSD.
    * [X] lubuntu:
      * [X] mantain old version as-is.
  * [ ] read about:
      * [ ] creating bootable disks on linux.
      * [ ] optimize OS configuration for SSDs.
* [X] Organize stuff:
  * [X] select everything that's going on the bag(books, clothes,etc).
    * [X] place clothes and books.
    * [X] select which project to do during trip and which components go accordingly.
  * [X] save everything needed on the 1TB external HDD and 64GB flashdrive:
    * [X] animes to watch.
    * [X] documentation needed.
    * [X] OSs ISOs.
* [ ] get ready lubuntu and arch installation boot drives.

-------------------------------------
* [ ] write a dos2unix+EOL_space cleanup script.
* [ ] test QEMU for STM32.
* [ ] practice ARMv7 ISA by writing code.
* [ ] test/troubleshoot mems oscillator.
* [o] start writing/porting STM32L0 basic library(very very basic,only what is needed)
  * [X] find or adapt the CMSIS file for STM32L0 devices.
  * [ ] Library structure acording to Standard Peripheral Library.
* [ ] Touch Project:
  * [ ] simple test for mpr121.
* [ ] Palm Keyboard IF (3hrs):
  * [ ] write down PPK internal states.
  * [ ] understand HID keyboard profile.
  * [ ] write a working library:
    * [ ] focus on low power.
    * [ ] focus on modularity.
    * [ ] compatible for future macro-expansion feature.
* [ ] dow (3hrs):
  * [ ] dow-checkout
  * [ ] dow-add
  * [ ] dow-rm
  * [ ] dow-reset
  * [ ] dow-commit
* [O] Projects for Trip:
  * [X] PalmKeyboardIF for USB.
    * [X] Stuff needed:
      * [X] STM32F1 & L0 devboard.
      * [X] KB2DevBoard adapter.
      * [X] debugger(stlink)
  * [X] PalmKeyboardIF for BLE.
    * [X] Stuff needed(additional):
      * [X] BLE breakout board.
  * [o] Linux Device Drivers for embedded.
    * [o] Stuff needed:
      * [X] Raspberry Pi(anyone)
      * [ ] cables.
      * [X] SD(8GB or more) or uSD w/adapter
      * [ ] power adapter.
  * [o] ARM ISA v7 lvlUp.
    * [o] Stuff needed:
      * [X] probably nothing else.
  * [X] SHAdow
    * [X] Stuff needed:
      * [X] nothing else.
  * [X] others:
    * [X] bring:
      * [X] esp8266
      * [X] additional cables.
      * [X] soldering iron (just in case).
      * [X] an additional debugger.
      * [X] solderwick.
