== nodeMCU on ESP8266 Development ==

== PN532 NFC support ==
- test pn532(w/i2c) successfully on __ANY__ platform:
  - try Rpi, STM32,arduino(let's hope it does NOT come to this).
- If success == true, use logic analizer to inspect the i2c frame.
- If needed, try to reimplement i2c module on nodemcu.

- some random info:
  - HID iCLASS support is needed.
  - HID is a branch, iCLASS is the product family.
  - iclass is also called PicoPass/PicoPass 2KS(??).
  - iclass supports ISO 14443A,14443B and 15963 protocols.
  - PN5180 apparently does NOT support HID iCLASS DH.(BUSY time is too long to fin HID iCLASS DH specification)

- [ ] test power comsumption of ESP8266.
- [ ] Check different toolchain version/OS causing divergence in builds and breakage.

== Led Box ==
- testing led controllers with nodeMCU: *1*
  - two different led controller ICs: TM1640 and HT16K33.
  - HT16K33 is easier to interface(standard I2C) than TM1640(SPI-like i/f with start/stop).
  - more code available for the HT16K33. TM1640 chosen for development.
  - I assumed that it'd be easier because there were more units at hand.
  - A nodeMCU module for TM1640 is NOT available. Need to write one.
  - Tried using lua functions. Did NOT work. Probably too slow. Let's try making Lua C module.
  - Times were reduced between 2 and 13 times. Did not work.
  - Next plan is to add a simpler function, using only bit-banging.
- Flashing bug ocurring in similar builds:
  - After compiling nodemcu-firmware @commit 5073c199c01d4d7bbbcd0ae1f761ecc4687f7217, on
    Arch system x86(HP Mini)(to get the used tools, you'd need to use the pacman.log file to
    retrieve the tools version used on this day(02/21/18), with a new lua C module, it didn't
    work.
  - Actual behavior: instead of outputting the prompt, it just threw garbage at the serial port, at any baud rate.
  - After removing the new module and recompiling, the error persisted.
  - Tried compiling it again, this time on a VM with Ubuntu 16.10 (check version of software used if needed). It worked without issues.
  - It compiled and run OK in both cases, with and without the new module.
  - Why is this? both builds are based on the same commit with the same configuration and modules.
  - Check this issue later. When new builder_ubuntu gets deployed(18.04).
- test power comsumption of led panels.
