== Simple tasks ==

* [ ] test/troubleshoot mems oscillator.
* [.] ARM ISA v7 lvlUp.
  * [ ] install QEMU for STM32.
  * [ ] test QEMU with simple program.
  * [X] look for programming assignments.
  * [ ] practice ARMv7 ISA by writing code.
* [ ] e-paper devboard dilbert daily update.
  * [ ] test e-paper board using serial i/f.
  * [ ] dump flash.
  * [ ] program board directly.
* [.] XMPP server:
  * [X] http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2014/03/how-to-set-up-your-own-private-instant-messaging-server/
  * [ ] lookup messaging archiving.
  * [ ] lookup extension module for audio transfer.
  * [ ] lookup extension module for picture transfer.
* [ ] test oven soldering.
  * [ ] find/port lsm303c library for STM32F1.
  * [ ] test soldering process with selected boards.
  * [ ] test functionality of soldered boards.
* [ ] edx training.
* [ ] try to play with bison/flex(maybe Oboro kickoff?).
* [ ] compile and test wolfssl lib with stm32.
* [ ] create a software framework for embedded work(including state machines, service handlers, etc).
* [.] Dell XPS 13 Setup:
  * [o] enable hdmi/vga output support over thunderbolt 3.
    * [X] HDMI started working since 4.12.
    * [ ] VGA still not working.
  * [ ] optimize for ssd
  * [ ] optimize power consumption
  * [ ] add Bootsplash
* [.] test RTL8710
  * [X] design a breakout board for RTL-00.
  * [ ] try debugging it with openocd and st-link.
  * [ ] try writing a simple test (blinking IO).
* [ ] write a reddit post reviewing 6 months with XPS13.
* [ ] show Y500 boot menu on external monitor.
- [ ] write a HowTo for disk recovery on linux (watch L1Tech video @youtube)
- [X] try booting live USB of meegGoPad T2. (try formatting as GPT using rufus and booting by pressing F7) (ref: [[diary/2017-09-05]])
- [ ] create a custom Linux build installer.
- [ ] Migrate chrome bookmark to firefox (or to an external bookmark manager).
- [ ] Look up for a linux utility which sends an alarm when it detects prolonged inactivity.
- [ ] create a snake game (using ncurses to test the lib):
  - maybe after doing that, try to explore deep learning with it.
  - maybe start with some simple rules(non-AI) to see what happens.
  - maybe try to use ncurses using python or rust to test the language(are there wrappers for those languages??).
- [ ] maybe write another ncurses game. it would be like hangman(is that even the name???) but with a cross with a shoot-em-all game (space invaders?).
- [ ] finally, after some experience, design and write a 'Day of Sagittarius III'-like game. a homage maybe.
- [ ] xfce icon refreshing/layout issue. (ref: [[diary/2017-04-10]])
- [ ] test Visual studio Code.
* [ ] test nrf51822:
  * [ ] create project folder and get all the related info.
  * [ ] make breakout board for nrf51822.
* [X] test sim800l. It works basically the same as sim900.
* [ ] flash and test nodeMCU on esp-03. test range.
* [ ] test Papirus on Arch.
* [.] understand lua language:
  * [X] get documentation needed (lua books, language reference manual or tutorials).
  * [ ] make a quick project using the language. A simple game sounds like a good idea. let's do tennis for 2.
* [ ] use dual display with lightdm-webkit2-greeter. (ref: [[diary/2017-07-12]])
* [ ] Learn Unity framework:
  * [ ] write simple game with Unity2D (ie: snake,battlecity(tank game for NES)
* [ ] learn about dkms.
* [ ] learn about CIs (continuous integration) tools. (look at firefox/bookmarks/tags:CI)
* [ ] read about difference between linux header files installed by 'linux-api-headers'(Arch),
      and the ones available at include/ installed using 'make headers_install' in the kernel.
      [[diary/2018-01-31#better]]
