== xfwm + workspace identification ==

- installed wmctrl.
- use wmctrl -d to show all virtual desktops, show active one,resolution.

make thumbnails work
* tested on Arch.
- install following packages: tumbler ffmpegthumbnailer poppler-glib  libopenraw freetype2
  //optdeps support, resptively: video,pdf,RAW?,font?(last two have unknown(to me) use case)
- thumbnails generated get stores at ~/.cache/thumbnails/
- after installation, to update without reboot(this might not work), do:
  > $ thunar -q //close any running instance of thunar
  > # update-mime-database /usr/share/mime

open zathura full-screen
- apparently there's no way to define fullsize, besides hardcoding values.
- use 'man zathurarc' command to check configuration option for config file.
- edit config file: ~/.config/zathura/zathurarc
  set window-height 600
  set window-width 1024
set window title as basename, not fullname(default)
- set window-title-basename true

st mod
- download and applied alpha patch.
- modify alpha value on source directly(st.c instead of config.h).
- change default font color from white to black, changing 'defaultfg' value in config.h.
- build pacman package with the current mods, install.
- add a desktop entry for st at ~/.local/share/applications/
* here you can set features like, font type,size and window dimensions.
  # simple-terminal.desktop
	[Desktop Entry]
	Name=Simple Terminal
	GenericName=Terminal
	Comment=standard terminal emulator for the X window system
	Exec=st -t "Suckless Terminal" -f "Source Code Pro:style=Semibold:size=12" -g "80x24"
  #or Exec=st -t "Suckless Terminal" -f "Monospace:style=Regular:size=12" -g "80x24"
	Terminal=false
	Type=Application
	Encoding=UTF-8
	Icon=terminal
	Categories=System;TerminalEmulator;
	Keywords=shell;prompt;command;commandline;cmd
- To use the above font 'Source Code Pro', install package: adobe-source-code-pro-fonts
- To check for all the fonts install, go to /usr/share/fonts/ or ~/.local/share/fonts/
- to add drop-down: try using tdrop utility. downloaded from AUR. it works fine.
- tdrop can be used as shortcut, however I would still like to remove the status bar.
